# Intro to French Verbs - A starting point for new students of French

## Introduction
Learning a new language can be intimidating; a prospective learner might not know where to start. And whether you are trying to learn on your own or through a class, retention of the knowledge you gain is absolutely imperative. It is common knowledge that having a firm grasp of the basics of anything is required to learn anything else, so if someone is not comfortable with the basics it is very difficult for them to move on. I know from personal experience that the number of students that pursue French after it is no longer a requirement numbers a very small percentage of students as a whole. My hope is that this game will aid students in becoming more confident in the basics so that they will be more comfortable with moving on. This game's purpose is not to be a magic bullet that can teach students French overnight, but rather as a standalone starting point or as a supplement to other learning (such as in school). In the former case, the game is self-sufficient in teaching French verb conjugation simply by following the progression of the levels whereas in the latter case certain levels can be assigned by an instructor for supplementary practice for students. 

## Target Audience
Learning a language is something that can be done by anyone, regardless of age or education. Because of this, the target audience for this game is beginning French students of all types or advanced students who simply want to review the basic concepts. Many of these students will be in elementary school, and thus this game is set up so that the teacher can teach the concepts and the students can then go and practice them within the game. The lessons presented in the game would not necessarily be targetted to the average elementary student, but they are not the target for those specific parts of the game; again, the rest of the game is always open and thus the lessons can be ignored by anyone who is learning the concepts in another manner. For students who are self-studying or those at a higher level of English reading comprehension the lessons can be used to teach the concepts, and the game functions on its own without the need for external learning. In either case, the practicing of the conjugations of verbs is the main focus of the game; the lessons are only there for those who require them and are thus targetted at the part of the audience that is most likely to use them.

## Funding
At this point, the game requires no funding as it is something that can be worked on in spare time. As a fluent French speaker myself (and thus being a subject matter expert) I can add more levels whenever I have some time to spare. It could, however, become a larger project with much better graphics and audio through funding. This could be done in a nubmer of ways. It could be done through the commercialization of the game by selling it to new French students and elementary schools with a core French program, though I am of the opinion that language aducation should be readily available to nayone who is interested in it, and thus this would be an unpreferred option. Another option is through crowdfunding and aiming to develop the game full time until it is fully complete and releasable. This method would be acceptable to me. However, the preferred method would be for the game to be funded through a service such as Patreon so that I can spend a certain amoutn of time each month developing the game in earnest and not be missing out on getting paid from spending the time working on it rather than another job. In this case I would likely expand the concept of this game to more topics in learning French and probably English as well, as it is the oen other language that I am fully fluent in. Perhaps an opportunity may arise for me to even work with others to translate this concept to more languages, both source and target.
